"Does binge drinking during early pregnancy increase the risk of psychomotor deficits?"
"Does the investing layer of the deep cervical fascia exist?"
"Does obesity impact the pattern and outcome of trauma in children?"
"Can calprotectin predict relapse risk in inflammatory bowel disease?"
"Autoerotic asphyxiation: secret pleasure--lethal outcome?"
"Is amoxapine an atypical antipsychotic?"
"Is there any relation between cervical cord plaques and discopathy in patients with multiple sclerosis?"
"Do resident's leadership skills relate to ratings of technical skill?"
"Outcomes of severely injured adult trauma patients in an Australian health service: does trauma center level make a difference?"
"Is there an increase in the incidence of gbs carrier rates among pregnant women in northern Israel?"
"Does topical N-acetylcysteine application after myringotomy cause severe otorrhea?"
"Does the central venous pressure predict fluid responsiveness?"
"Counter sampling combined with medical provider education: do they alter prescribing behavior?"
"Prescriptions as a proxy for asthma in children: a good choice?"
"Chemoradiation instead of surgery to treat mid and low rectal tumors: is it safe?"
"SPECT study with I-123-Ioflupane (DaTSCAN) in patients with essential tremor. Is there any correlation with Parkinson's disease?"
"Does somatostatin confer insulinostatic effects of neuromedin u in the rat pancreas?"
"Is there a discrepancy between patient and physician quality of life assessment?"
"Health habits and vaccination status of Lebanese residents: are future doctors applying the rules of prevention?"
"Is it necessary to insert a nasobiliary drainage tube routinely after endoscopic clearance of the common bile duct in patients with choledocholithiasis-induced cholangitis?"
"Are increased carotid artery pulsatility and resistance indexes early signs of vascular abnormalities in young obese males?"
"Could Adult European Pharmacoresistant Epilepsy Patients Be Treated With Higher Doses of Zonisamide?"
"Do ART patients face higher C-section rates during their stage of delivery?"
"Is the advanced age a contraindication to GERD laparoscopic surgery?"
"Can patients be anticoagulated after intracerebral hemorrhage?"
"Digital Tomosynthesis: A Viable Alternative to Noncontrast Computed Tomography for the Follow-Up of Nephrolithiasis?"
"Body dysmorphic disorder: does it have a psychotic subtype?"
"Does the early adopter of drugs exist?"
"Does angiotensin-converting enzyme-1 (ACE-1) gene polymorphism lead to chronic kidney disease among hypertensive patients?"
"Are women with major depression in pregnancy identifiable in population health data?"
"Is there a relationship between homocysteine and vitiligo?"
"Can progression of valvar aortic stenosis be predicted accurately?"
"Does frozen section alter surgical management of multinodular thyroid disease?"
"Can you deliver accurate tidal volume by manual resuscitator?"
"Are complex coronary lesions more frequent in patients with diabetes mellitus?"
"Cervical spine fractures in geriatric blunt trauma patients with low-energy mechanism: are clinical predictors adequate?"
"Is unsafe sexual behaviour increasing among HIV-infected individuals?"
"Is vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency related to the development of osteochondritis dissecans?"
"Does surgery or radiation therapy impact survival for patients with extrapulmonary small cell cancers?"
"Can serum be used for analyzing the EGFR mutation status in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer?"
"Can EMS Providers Provide Appropriate Tidal Volumes in a Simulated Adult-sized Patient with a Pediatric-sized Bag-Valve-Mask?"
"Estimated fetal weight by ultrasound: a modifiable risk factor for cesarean delivery?"
"Does rugby headgear prevent concussion?"
"Do approved doctors and medical referees in the UK agree when assessing a seafarer's fitness?"
"Aberrant loss of dickkopf-3 in gastric cancer: can it predict lymph node metastasis preoperatively?"
"Is it better to be big?"
"Will CT ordering practices change if we educate residents about the potential effects of radiation exposure?"
"Cue-induced behavioural activation: a novel model of alcohol craving?"
"Acute respiratory distress syndrome in children with malignancy--can we predict outcome?"
"Laparoscopic myomectomy: do size, number, and location of the myomas form limiting factors for laparoscopic myomectomy?"
"Does Molecular Genotype Provide Useful Information in the Management of Radioiodine Refractory Thyroid Cancers?"
"Can mandibular depiction be improved by changing the thickness of double-oblique computed tomography images?"
"Are polymorphisms in oestrogen receptors genes associated with lipid levels in response to hormone therapy?"
"Are patients with diabetes receiving the same message from dietitians and nurses?"
"Is the Retromandibular Transparotid Approach a Reliable Option for the Surgical Treatment of Condylar Fractures?"
"Is fetal anatomic assessment on follow-up antepartum sonograms clinically useful?"
"Has the mammography quality standards act affected the mammography quality in North Carolina?"
"Is vancomycin MIC creep a worldwide phenomenon?"
"Continuation of pregnancy after antenatal corticosteroid administration: opportunity for rescue?"
"Is there a relationship between rheumatoid arthritis and periodontal disease?"
"Does confined placental mosaicism account for adverse perinatal outcomes in IVF pregnancies?"
"Knee extensor strength, dynamic stability, and functional ambulation: are they related in Parkinson's disease?"
"Aripiprazole: a new risk factor for pathological gambling?"
"Is semi-closed endarterectomy of the superficial femoral artery combined with a short venous bypass in case of insufficient venous material an acceptable alternative for limb-threatening ischemia?"
"Does a well developed collateral circulation predispose to restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention?"
"Do symptoms predict COPD in smokers?"
"Do cytokines have any role in epilepsy?"
"May mean platelet volume levels be a predictor in the diagnosis of pelvic inflammatory disease?"
"Does ultrasound-scored synovitis depend on the pharmacokinetics of subcutaneous anti-TNF agents in patients with rheumatoid arthritis?"
"Do liquid-based preparations of urinary cytology perform differently than classically prepared cases?"
"Does elective re-siting of intravenous cannulae decrease peripheral thrombophlebitis?"
"Are lifetime prevalence of impetigo, molluscum and herpes infection really increased in children having atopic dermatitis?"
"Rectal cancer threatening or affecting the prostatic plane: is partial prostatectomy oncologically adequate?"
"Can CT predict the level of CSF block in tuberculous hydrocephalus?"
"Does ischemic preconditioning require reperfusion before index ischemia?"
"Is routine dissection of the station 9 lymph nodes really necessary for primary lung cancer?"
"Subclavian steal syndrome: can the blood pressure difference between arms predict the severity of steal?"
"Is the atopy patch test with house dust mites specific for atopic dermatitis?"
"Chemical shift MRI: is there any contribution to morphologic evaluation of solid breast masses?"
"Does psychological distress predict disability?"
"Can Roux-en-Y gastric bypass provide a lifelong solution for diabetes mellitus?"
"Three-dimensional ultrasound-validated large-core needle biopsy: is it a reliable method for the histological assessment of breast lesions?"
"Is the histidine triad nucleotide-binding protein 1 (HINT1) gene a candidate for schizophrenia?"
"Does SYNTAX score predict in-hospital outcomes in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention?"
"Should all human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients with end-stage renal disease be excluded from transplantation?"
"Is the fibronectin-aggrecan complex present in cervical disk disease?"
"Does sex affect the outcome of laparoscopic cholecystectomy?"
"Is horizontal semicircular canal ocular reflex influenced by otolith organs input?"
"Is there a differential in the dental health of new recruits to the British Armed Forces?"
"Is controlled ovarian stimulation in intrauterine insemination an acceptable therapy in couples with unexplained non-conception in the perspective of multiple pregnancies?"
"Implementation of epidural analgesia for labor: is the standard of effective analgesia reachable in all women?"
"Can nurse-led preoperative education reduce anxiety and postoperative complications of patients undergoing cardiac surgery?"
"Does a colonoscopy after acute diverticulitis affect its management?"
"Does stress increase imitation of drinking behavior?"
"Is endothelin-1 an aggravating factor in the development of acute pancreatitis?"
"Is extended aortic replacement in acute type A dissection justifiable?"
"Can multiple SNP testing in BRCA2 and BRCA1 female carriers be used to improve risk prediction models in conjunction with clinical assessment?"
"Is laparoscopic adrenalectomy safe and effective for adrenal masses larger than 7 cm?"
"Prostatic syndrome and pleural effusion: are they different diseases?"
"Does either obesity or OSA severity influence the response of autotitrating CPAP machines in very obese subjects?"
"Are endothelial cell patterns of astrocytomas indicative of grade?"
"Is it safe to perform rectal anastomosis in gynaecological debulking surgery without a diverting stoma?"
"Is low birth weight a risk indicator for congenital cytomegalovirus infection?"
"Assessing Patient Reported Outcomes Measures via Phone Interviews Versus Patient Self-Survey in the Clinic: Are We Measuring the Same Thing?"
"Are IgM-enriched immunoglobulins an effective adjuvant in septic VLBW infants?"
"School food policy at Dutch primary schools: room for improvement?"
"Does positron emission tomography change management in primary rectal cancer?"
"Body diffusion-weighted MR imaging of uterine endometrial cancer: is it helpful in the detection of cancer in nonenhanced MR imaging?"
"Maternal creatine homeostasis is altered during gestation in the spiny mouse: is this a metabolic adaptation to pregnancy?"
"Are pectins involved in cold acclimation and de-acclimation of winter oil-seed rape plants?"
"Is there awareness of pharmaceutical expenditure in the reformed primary care system?"
"Do women residents delay childbearing due to perceived career threats?"
"Can we rely on arterial line sampling in performing activated plasma thromboplastin time after cardiac surgery?"
"Can myometrial electrical activity identify patients in preterm labor?"
"BCRABL transcript detection by quantitative real-time PCR : are correlated results possible from homebrew assays?"
"Cycloplegic autorefraction in young adults: is it mandatory?"
"Location and number of sutures placed for hiatal hernia repair during laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding: does it matter?"
"An HIV1/2 point of care test on sputum for screening TB/HIV co-infection in Central India - Will it work?"
"Are virtual planning and guided surgery for head and neck reconstruction economically viable?"
"Antiretroviral therapy related adverse effects: Can sub-Saharan Africa cope with the new \"test and treat\" policy of the World Health Organization?"
"Follow-up of patients with new cardiovascular implantable electronic devices: are experts' recommendations implemented in routine clinical practice?"
"Do symptoms matter when considering patients for phase I clinical trials?"
"Can the Internet be used to improve sexual health awareness in web-wise young people?"
"Gender difference in survival of resected non-small cell lung cancer: histology-related phenomenon?"
"Should lower limb fractures be treated surgically in patients with chronic spinal injuries?"
"Is peak concentration needed in therapeutic drug monitoring of vancomycin?"
"Does a 4 diagram manual enable laypersons to operate the Laryngeal Mask Supreme®?"
"Informed consent for total hip arthroplasty: does a written information sheet improve recall by patients?"
"Multidisciplinary breast cancer clinics. Do they work?"
"Has the prevalence of health care services use increased over the last decade (2001-2009) in elderly people?"
"Does the use of atypical antipsychotics as adjunctive therapy in depression result in cost savings?"
"Do family physicians make good sentinels for influenza?"
"Can the condition of the cell microenvironment of mediastinal lymph nodes help predict the risk of metastases in non-small cell lung cancer?"
"Do clinical variables predict pathologic radiographs in the first episode of wheezing?"
"Can increases in the cigarette tax rate be linked to cigarette retail prices?"
"Does birth center care during a woman's first pregnancy have any impact on her future reproduction?"
"Emergency double-balloon enteroscopy combined with real-time viewing of capsule endoscopy: a feasible combined approach in acute overt-obscure gastrointestinal bleeding?"
"Are many colorectal cancers due to missed adenomas?"
"Are acceptance rates of a national preventive home visit programme for older people socially imbalanced?"
"Can dogs prime autistic children for therapy?"
"Post-tonsillectomy late haemorrhage: is it a preferably night-time event?"
"Necrotizing fasciitis: an indication for hyperbaric oxygenation therapy?"
"Can homemade alcohol (Raksi) be useful for preserving dead bodies?"
"Does growth hormone replacement therapy reduce mortality in adults with growth hormone deficiency?"
"Traumatic aortic injury: does the anatomy of the aortic arch influence aortic trauma severity?"
"Is serum total bilirubin useful to differentiate cardioembolic stroke from other stroke subtypes?"
"Is a specialised training of phonological awareness indicated in every preschool child?"
"Can PRISM predict length of PICU stay?"
"Are higher rates of depression in women accounted for by differential symptom reporting?"
"Can we predict urinary stone composition based on an analysis of microelement concentration in the hair and urine?"
"The Main Gate Syndrome: a new format in mass-casualty victim \"surge\" management?"
"Does loss of consciousness predict neuropsychological decrements after concussion?"
"Should HIV-infected patients be screened for silent myocardial ischaemia using gated myocardial perfusion SPECT?"
"Gluten tolerance in adult patients with celiac disease 20 years after diagnosis?"
"Identification of racial disparities in breast cancer mortality: does scale matter?"
"Is a mandatory general surgery rotation necessary in the surgical clerkship?"
"Should tumor depth be included in prognostication of soft tissue sarcoma?"
"Is the affinity column-mediated immunoassay method suitable as an alternative to the microparticle enzyme immunoassay method as a blood tacrolimus assay?"
"Does evidence-based practice improve patient outcomes?"
"Are income-related differences in active travel associated with physical environmental characteristics?"
"Is (18)F-FDG a surrogate tracer to measure tumor hypoxia?"
"Two-year follow-up survey of patients with allergic contact dermatitis from an occupational cohort: is the prognosis dependent on the omnipresence of the allergen?"
"Clinical identifiers for early-stage primary/idiopathic adhesive capsulitis: are we seeing the real picture?"
"Is cholecystectomy really an indication for concomitant splenectomy in mild hereditary spherocytosis?"
"Is patient outcome compromised during the initial experience with robot-assisted radical cystectomy?"
"Is there a role for fondaparinux in perioperative bridging?"
"Does quilting suture prevent seroma in abdominoplasty?"
"Systematic use of patient-rated depression severity monitoring: is it helpful and feasible in clinical psychiatry?"
"Nasal fractures:  is closed reduction satisfying?"
"Does the bracket-ligature combination affect the amount of orthodontic space closure over three months?"
"Are UK radiologists satisfied with the training and support received in suspected child abuse?"
"Does β-catenin have a role in pathogenesis of sebaceous cell carcinoma of the eyelid?"
"Syncope during bathing in infants, a pediatric form of water-induced urticaria?"
"Does coronary angiography before emergency aortic surgery affect in-hospital mortality?"
"Esophagogastric devascularization without splenectomy in portal hypertension: safe and effective?"
"Artefacts in 24-h pharyngeal and oesophageal pH monitoring: is simplification of pH data analysis feasible?"
"Is fetal gender associated with emergency department visits for asthma during pregnancy?"
"Do primary care physicians underprescribe antibiotics for peptic ulcer disease?"
"Can common carotid intima media thickness serve as an indicator of both cardiovascular phenotype and risk among black Africans?"
"Can communication with terminally ill patients be taught?"
"Are the arginine vasopressin V1a receptor microsatellites related to hypersexuality in children with a prepubertal and early adolescent bipolar disorder phenotype?"
"Do teleoncology models of care enable safe delivery of chemotherapy in rural towns?"
"Is the holmium:YAG laser the best intracorporeal lithotripter for the ureter?"
"Very high serum CA 19-9 levels: a contraindication to pancreaticoduodenectomy?"
"Locoregional opening of the rodent blood-brain barrier for paclitaxel using Nd:YAG laser-induced thermo therapy: a new concept of adjuvant glioma therapy?"
"Fatigue in primary Sjögren's syndrome: is there a link with the fibromyalgia syndrome?"
"Is human cytomegalovirus infection associated with hypertension?"
"Do women with ovaries of polycystic morphology without any other features of PCOS benefit from short-term metformin co-treatment during IVF?"
"Does base deficit predict mortality in patients with severe traumatic brain injury?"
"Clinician assessment for acute chest syndrome in febrile patients with sickle cell disease: is it accurate enough?"
"Does self-efficacy mediate the relationship between transformational leadership behaviours and healthcare workers' sleep quality?"
"Estradiol and Antagonist Pretreatment Prior to Microdose Leuprolide in in Vitro Fertilization. Does It Improve IVF Outcomes in Poor Responders as Compared to Oral Contraceptive Pill?"
"Are Reviewers' Scores Influenced by Citations to Their Own Work?"
"Do general practice selection scores predict success at MRCGP?"
"Mammographic screening in Sami speaking municipalities and a control group. Are early outcome measures influenced by ethnicity?"
"Pancreas retransplantation:  a second chance for diabetic patients?"
"Do nomograms designed to predict biochemical recurrence (BCR) do a better job of predicting more clinically relevant prostate cancer outcomes than BCR?"
"Did Chile's traffic law reform push police enforcement?"
"Does the lipid-lowering peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors ligand bezafibrate prevent colon cancer in patients with coronary artery disease?"
"Is there a role for endothelin-1 in the hemodynamic changes during hemodialysis?"
"Transgastric endoscopic splenectomy: is it possible?"
"Do dermatomyositis and polymyositis affect similar thigh muscles?"
"Do elderly patients benefit from surgery in addition to radiotherapy for treatment of metastatic spinal cord compression?"
"Does a history of unintended pregnancy lessen the likelihood of desire for sterilization reversal?"
"Can third trimester ultrasound predict the presentation of the first twin at delivery?"
"Epidural analgesia for surgical treatment of peritoneal carcinomatosis: a risky technique?"
"Pitfalls in urinary stone identification using CT attenuation values: are we getting the same information on different scanner models?"
"Does escalation of the apical dose change treatment outcome in beta-radiation of posterior choroidal melanomas with 106Ru plaques?"
"Does septoplasty change the dimensions of compensatory hypertrophy of the middle turbinate?"
"Does shaving the incision site increase the infection rate after spinal surgery?"
"Does obstructive sleep apnea affect aerobic fitness?"
"Can biofeedback training of psychophysiological responses enhance athletes' sport performance?"
"Acute hepatitis C in Israel: a predominantly iatrogenic disease?"
"Are opioid dependence and methadone maintenance treatment (MMT) documented in the medical record?"
"Is the zeolite hemostatic agent beneficial in reducing blood loss during arterial injury?"
"Upstream solutions: does the supplemental security income program reduce disability in the elderly?"
"Discharging patients earlier from Winnipeg hospitals: does it adversely affect quality of care?"
"Is Overexpression of Ki-67 a Prognostic Biomarker of Upper Tract Urinary Carcinoma?"
"Surgical treatment of prosthetic valve endocarditis in patients with double prostheses: is single-valve replacement safe?"
"Is breast cancer survival improving?"
"Is decompressive surgery effective for spinal cord sarcoidosis accompanied with compressive cervical myelopathy?"
"Does a family meetings intervention prevent depression and anxiety in family caregivers of dementia patients?"
"Should temperature be monitorized during kidney allograft preservation?"
"Pap smears with glandular cell abnormalities: Are they detected by rapid prescreening?"
"Is an advance care planning model feasible in community palliative care?"
"Is there a relationship between serum paraoxonase level and epicardial fat tissue thickness?"
"Are there risk factors that increase the rate of staple line leakage in patients undergoing primary sleeve gastrectomy for morbid obesity?"
"Is ultrasound equal to X-ray in pediatric fracture diagnosis?"
"Does bone anchor fixation improve the outcome of percutaneous bladder neck suspension in female stress urinary incontinence?"
"Can we predict which head and neck cancer survivors develop fears of recurrence?"
"Reporting and interpreting red blood cell morphology: is there discordance between clinical pathologists and clinicians?"
"Do older adults with cancer fall more often?"
"Vertical lines in distal esophageal mucosa (VLEM): a true endoscopic manifestation of esophagitis in children?"
"Do patients with localized prostate cancer treatment really want more aggressive treatment?"
"Can teaching medical students to investigate medication errors change their attitudes towards patient safety?"
"MR arthrography of the shoulder: do we need local anesthesia?"
"Can clinicians use the PHQ-9 to assess depression in people with vision loss?"
"Adjuvant radiation of stage III thymoma: is it necessary?"
"CPAP therapy in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and obstructive sleep apnea: does it offer a better quality of life and sleep?"
"Can bedside assessment reliably exclude aspiration following acute stroke?"
"In vivo visualization of pyloric mucosal hypertrophy in infants with hypertrophic pyloric stenosis: is there an etiologic role?"
"Does patella position influence ligament balancing in total knee arthroplasty?"
"The English antibiotic awareness campaigns: did they change the public's knowledge of and attitudes to antibiotic use?"
"Is there any evidence of a \"July effect\" in patients undergoing major cancer surgery?"
"Does aerobic fitness influence microvascular function in healthy adults at risk of developing Type 2 diabetes?"
"Can routinely collected ambulance data about assaults contribute to reduction in community violence?"
"Do improvements in outreach, clinical, and family and community-based services predict improvements in child survival?"
"Are behavioural risk factors to be blamed for the conversion from optimal blood pressure to hypertensive status in Black South Africans?"
"Is breast cancer prognosis inherited?"
"Staging laparoscopy in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma: is it useful?"
"Advanced epithelial ovarian carcinoma in Thai women: should we continue to offer second-look laparotomy?"
"Does intra-abdominal desmoid disease affect patients with an ileal pouch differently than those with an ileorectal anastomosis?"
"Histologic evaluation of the testicular remnant associated with the vanishing testes syndrome: is surgical management necessary?"
"Global Longitudinal Pathway: has medical education curriculum influenced medical students' skills and attitudes toward culturally diverse populations?"
"Is intensive monitoring during the first transfusion in pediatric patients necessary?"
"Recurrent spontaneous abortion and skewed X-inactivation: is there an association?"
"CYP2D6*4 allele and breast cancer risk: is there any association?"
"Do prerecorded lecture VODcasts affect lecture attendance of first-yearpre-clinical Graduate Entry to Medicine students?"
"Is laparoscopic reoperation for failed antireflux surgery feasible?"
"Vaginal dose assessment in image-guided brachytherapy for cervical cancer: Can we really rely on dose-point evaluation?"
"Undescended testes: does age at orchiopexy affect survival of the testis?"
"Do some U.S. states have higher/lower injury mortality rates than others?"
"Does type 1 diabetes mellitus affect Achilles tendon response to a 10 km run?"
"Can ki-67 play a role in prediction of breast cancer patients' response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy?"
"Proof of concept study: does fenofibrate have a role in sleep apnoea syndrome?"
"Can normal knee kinematics be restored with unicompartmental knee replacement?"
"Cholesterol screening in school children: is family history reliable to choose the ones to screen?"
"Department of Transportation vs self-reported data on motor vehicle collisions and driving convictions for stroke survivors: do they agree?"
"Does concomitant anterior/apical repair during midurethral sling improve the overactive bladder component of mixed incontinence?"
"Young-Burgess classification of pelvic ring fractures: does it predict mortality, transfusion requirements, and non-orthopaedic injuries?"
"Preparing patients at high risk of falls for discharge home after rehabilitation: Do we meet the guidelines?"
"Are tuberculosis patients adherent to prescribed treatments in China?"
"Does increased patient awareness improve accrual into cancer-related clinical trials?"
"Women with synchronous primary cancers of the endometrium and ovary: do they have Lynch syndrome?"
"Is primary angioplasty an acceptable alternative to thrombolysis?"
"Internal derangement of the temporomandibular joint: is there still a place for ultrasound?"
"Does obesity predict knee pain over fourteen years in women, independently of radiographic changes?"
"Is Alveolar Macrophage Phagocytic Dysfunction in Children With Protracted Bacterial Bronchitis a Forerunner to Bronchiectasis?"
"Does menopausal transition affect the quality of life?"
"Is the urinary biomarkers assessment a non-invasive approach to tubular lesions of the solitary kidney?"
"The influence of atmospheric pressure on aortic aneurysm rupture--is the diameter of the aneurysm important?"
"Sub-classification of low-grade cerebellar astrocytoma: is it clinically meaningful?"
"Is there a need for pelvic CT scan in cases of renal cell carcinoma?"
"Does prostate morphology affect outcomes after holmium laser enucleation?"
"Surgical management of the atherosclerotic ascending aorta: is endoaortic balloon occlusion safe?"
"Inpatient Pediatric Tonsillectomy: Does Hospital Type Affect Cost and Outcomes of Care?"
"Can magnetic resonance imaging accurately predict concordant pain provocation during provocative disc injection?"
"Did the call for boycott by the Catholic bishops affect the polio vaccination coverage in Kenya in 2015?"
"Stretch-sensitive KCNQ1 mutation A link between genetic and environmental factors in the pathogenesis of atrial fibrillation?"
"Is the processing of affective prosody influenced by spatial attention?"
"Optimism and survival: does an optimistic outlook predict better survival at advanced ages?"
"Immunohistochemical assessment of steroid hormone receptors in tissues of the anal canal. Implications for anal incontinence?"
"Storage of vaccines in the community: weak link in the cold chain?"
"Are there effects of intrauterine cocaine exposure on delinquency during early adolescence?"
"Does invasive diagnosis of nosocomial pneumonia during off-hours delay treatment?"
"Adults with mild intellectual disabilities: can their reading comprehension ability be improved?"
"Is the international normalised ratio (INR) reliable?"
"Risk stratification in emergency surgical patients: is the APACHE II score a reliable marker of physiological impairment?"
"Is half-dose contrast-enhanced three-dimensional MR angiography sufficient for the abdominal aorta and pelvis?"
"Does ambulatory process of care predict health-related quality of life outcomes for patients with chronic disease?"
"Medical student education in emergency medicine: do students meet the national standards for clinical encounters of selected core conditions?"
"Do Electrochemiluminescence Assays Improve Prediction of Time to Type 1 Diabetes in Autoantibody-Positive TrialNet Subjects?"
"Does microbial contamination influence the success of the hematopoietic cell transplantation outcomes?"
"Are there mental health differences between francophone and non-francophone populations in manitoba?"
"Do risk factors for suicidal behavior differ by affective disorder polarity?"
"Do elderly cancer patients have different care needs compared with younger ones?"
"Is aneurysm repair justified for the patients aged 80 or older after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage?"
"Are serum leptin levels a prognostic factor in advanced lung cancer?"
"Does the treatment of amblyopia normalise subfoveal choroidal thickness in amblyopic children?"
"Do mutations causing low HDL-C promote increased carotid intima-media thickness?"
"Does occupational nuclear power plant radiation affect conception and pregnancy?"
"Is the use of cyanoacrylate in intestinal anastomosis a good and reliable alternative?"
"MiraLAX vs. Golytely: is there a significant difference in the adenoma detection rate?"
"Diagnostic characteristics of child bipolar I disorder: does the \"Treatment of Early Age Mania (team)\" sample generalize?"
"Are Biochemical Markers of Bone Turnover Representative of Bone Histomorphometry in 370 Postmenopausal Women?"
"Prompting Primary Care Providers about Increased Patient Risk As a Result of Family History: Does It Work?"
"Is there still a need for living-related liver transplantation in children?"
"Does the clinical presentation of a prior preterm birth predict risk in a subsequent pregnancy?"
"Major depression and alcohol use disorder in adolescence: Does comorbidity lead to poorer outcomes of depression?"
"Juvenile osteochondritis dissecans: is it a growth disturbance of the secondary physis of the epiphysis?"
"Does quantitative left ventricular regional wall motion change after fibrous tissue resection in endomyocardial fibrosis?"
"Updating emotional content in working memory: a depression-specific deficit?"
"Does reducing spasticity translate into functional benefit?"
"Is there any relationship between streptococcal infection and multiple sclerosis?"
"Can T-cell deficiency affect spatial learning ability following toluene exposure?"
"After CLASS--Is a voluntary public insurance program a realistic way to meet the long-term support and service needs of adults with disabilities?"
"Are sports medicine journals relevant and applicable to practitioners and athletes?"
"Does radiotherapy around the time of pregnancy for Hodgkin's disease modify the risk of breast cancer?"
"Quaternary cytoreductive surgery in ovarian cancer: does surgical effort still matter?"
"Does oxybutynin hydrochloride cause arrhythmia in children with bladder dysfunction?"
"Does timing of initial surfactant treatment make a difference in rates of chronic lung disease or mortality in premature infants?"
"Do risk calculators accurately predict surgical site occurrences?"
"Does the Simultaneous Use of a Neuroendoscope Influence the Incidence of Ventriculoperitoneal Shunt Infection?"
"Can surgeon familiarization with current evidence lead to a change in practice?"
"Do people who were passive smokers during childhood have increased risk of long-term work disability?"
"Do episodic migraineurs selectively attend to headache-related visual stimuli?"
"Does partial expander deflation exacerbate the adverse effects of radiotherapy in two-stage breast reconstruction?"
"Does combining antiretroviral agents in a single dosage form enhance quality of life of HIV/AIDS patients?"
"Kell alloimmunization in pregnancy: associated with fetal thrombocytopenia?"
"PREVALENCE OF THE STREPTOCOCUS AGALACTIAE IN THE PREGNANT WOMAN FROM THE AUTONOMIC CITY OF MELILLA: IS CULTURE A DETERMINANT FACTOR?"
"Oral mucocele/ranula: Another human immunodeficiency virus-related salivary gland disease?"
"Doppler examination of uteroplacental circulation in early pregnancy: can it predict adverse outcome?"
"Does government assistance improve utilization of eye care services by low-income individuals?"
"Vitamin D supplementation and regulatory T cells in apparently healthy subjects: vitamin D treatment for autoimmune diseases?"
"Hepatic arterial embolization for unresectable hepatocellular carcinomas: do technical factors affect prognosis?"
"Is dexamethasone an effective alternative to oral prednisone in the treatment of pediatric asthma exacerbations?"
"Is micro-computed tomography reliable to determine the microstructure of the maxillary alveolar bone?"
"Factors determining the survival of nasopharyngeal carcinoma with lung metastasis alone: does combined modality treatment benefit?"
"Do lipids, blood pressure, diabetes, and smoking confer equal risk of myocardial infarction in women as in men?"
"Chemotherapy and survival in advanced non-small cell lung carcinoma: is pneumologists' skepticism justified?"
"Can mental imagery functional magnetic resonance imaging predict recovery in patients with disorders of consciousness?"
"Is discordance in TEOAE and AABR outcomes predictable in newborns?"
"Should general practitioners call patients by their first names?"
"Pharmacologic regimens for knee osteoarthritis prevention: can they be cost-effective?"
"Does the Child Health Computing System adequately identify children with cerebral palsy?"
"Do parents recall and understand children's weight status information after BMI screening?"
"Impact of MPH programs: contributing to health system strengthening in low- and middle-income countries?"
"Appendectomy timing: Will delayed surgery increase the complications?"
"Does exercise during pregnancy prevent postnatal depression?"
"Does cup-cage reconstruction with oversized cups provide initial stability in THA for osteoporotic acetabular fractures?"
"Is withdrawal-induced anxiety in alcoholism based on beta-endorphin deficiency?"
"Are there progressive brain changes in schizophrenia?"
"Does perspective-taking increase patient satisfaction in medical encounters?"
"Visceral adipose tissue area measurement at a single level: can it represent visceral adipose tissue volume?"
"Autoxidation products of both carbohydrates and lipids are increased in uremic plasma: is there oxidative stress in uremia?"
"Does multi-modal cervical physical therapy improve tinnitus in patients with cervicogenic somatic tinnitus?"
"Can predilatation in transcatheter aortic valve implantation be omitted?"
"Prostate-specific antigen and free prostate-specific antigen in the early detection of prostate cancer: do combination tests improve detection?"
"Risk factors for major depression during midlife among a community sample of women with and without prior major depression: are they the same or different?"
"Dose end-tidal carbon dioxide measurement correlate with arterial carbon dioxide in extremely low birth weight infants in the first week of life?"
"The insertion allele of the ACE gene I/D polymorphism. A candidate gene for insulin resistance?"
"Does a delay in transfer to a rehabilitation unit for older people affect outcome after fracture of the proximal femur?"
"Do Wound Cultures Give Information About the Microbiology of Blood Cultures in Severe Burn Patients?"
"Is ganglionated plexi ablation during Maze IV procedure beneficial for postoperative long-term stable sinus rhythm?"
"Does increased nerve length within the treatment volume improve trigeminal neuralgia radiosurgery?"
"Are variations in the use of carotid endarterectomy explained by population Need?"
"Menopausal hormone therapy and irregular endometrial bleeding: a potential role for uterine natural killer cells?"
"Is year of radical prostatectomy a predictor of outcome in prostate cancer?"
"The Deformity Angular Ratio: Does It Correlate With High-Risk Cases for Potential Spinal Cord Monitoring Alerts in Pediatric 3-Column Thoracic Spinal Deformity Corrective Surgery?"
"Out of the smokescreen II: will an advertisement targeting the tobacco industry affect young people's perception of smoking in movies and their intention to smoke?"
"Patient comprehension of emergency department care and instructions: are patients aware of when they do not understand?"
"Delayed diagnosis of anorectal malformations: are current guidelines sufficient?"
"Household and food shopping environments: do they play a role in socioeconomic inequalities in fruit and vegetable consumption?"
"Is the Hawkins sign able to predict necrosis in fractures of the neck of the astragalus?"
"Is halofantrine ototoxic?"
"Hepatorenal syndrome: are we missing some prognostic factors?"
"Delayed imaging in routine CT examinations of the abdomen and pelvis: is it worth the additional cost of radiation and time?"
"Increased neutrophil migratory activity after major trauma: a factor in the etiology of acute respiratory distress syndrome?"
"Starting insulin in type 2 diabetes: continue oral hypoglycemic agents?"
"Is etoricoxib effective in preventing heterotopic ossification after primary total hip arthroplasty?"
"Is portable ultrasonography accurate in the evaluation of Schanz pin placement during extremity fracture fixation in austere environments?"
"Malnutrition, a new inducer for arterial calcification in hemodialysis patients?"
"Does accompanying metabolic syndrome contribute to heart dimensions in hypertensive patients?"
"Vaccine protection in the elderly: are Austrian seniors adequately protected by vaccinations?"
"Can we measure mesopic pupil size with the cobalt blue light slit-lamp biomicroscopy method?"
"Comparing femoral version after intramedullary nailing performed by trauma-trained and non-trauma trained surgeons: is there a difference?"
"Effects of exercise training on heart rate and QT interval in healthy young individuals: are there gender differences?"
"Does high-dose radiotherapy benefit palliative lung cancer patients?"
"Does solid culture for tuberculosis influence clinical decision making in India?"
"Would corrected QT dispersion predict left ventricular hypertrophy in hypertensive patients?"
"Is double-balloon enteroscopy an accurate method to diagnose small-bowel disorders?"
"Do we need imaging to diagnose appendicitis in children?"
"Is the 7th TNM edition suitable for biological predictor in early gastric cancer?"
"Transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN): a role for polymorphisms in the beta-adrenergic receptor (ADRB) encoding genes?"
"Does anterior laxity of the uninjured knee influence clinical outcomes of ACL reconstruction?"
"Do communication disorders extend to musical messages?"
"Can folic acid protect against congenital heart defects in Down syndrome?"
"Do older men benefit from curative therapy of localized prostate cancer?"
"Does cognitive function predict frequency compressed speech recognition in listeners with normal hearing and normal cognition?"
"Can dobutamine stress echocardiography induce cardiac troponin elevation?"
"Is coeliac disease screening in risk groups justified?"
"Is anorectal endosonography valuable in dyschesia?"
"Preoperative staging of patients with liver metastases of colorectal carcinoma. Does PET/CT really add something to multidetector CT?"
"Do emergency ultrasound fellowship programs impact emergency medicine residents' ultrasound education?"
"Cholestasis associated with small bowel atresia: do we always need to investigate?"
"Can the growth rate of a gallbladder polyp predict a neoplastic polyp?"
"Is a patient's self-reported health-related quality of life a prognostic factor for survival in non-small-cell lung cancer patients?"
"Does spontaneous remission occur in polyarteritis nodosa?"
"Does para-cervical block offer additional advantages in abortion induction with gemeprost in the 2nd trimester?"
"The HELPP syndrome--evidence of a possible systemic inflammatory response in pre-eclampsia?"
"Do follow-up recommendations for abnormal Papanicolaou smears influence patient adherence?"
"Is acute fibrinous and organizing pneumonia the expression of immune dysregulation?"
"Are performance measurement systems useful?"
"May student examiners be reasonable substitute examiners for faculty in an undergraduate OSCE on medical emergencies?"
"Multidisciplinary decisions in breast cancer: does the patient receive what the team has recommended?"
"Sternal fracture in growing children : A rare and often overlooked fracture?"
"Can a Novel Surgical Approach to the Temporomandibular Joint Improve Access and Reduce Complications?"
"Is pelvic pain associated with defecatory symptoms in women with pelvic organ prolapse?"
"High cumulative insulin exposure: a risk factor of atherosclerosis in type 1 diabetes?"
"Does transverse apex coincide with coronal apex levels (regional or global) in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis?"
"Is neck pain associated with worse health-related quality of life 6 months later?"
"Do adjuvant aromatase inhibitors increase the cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women with early breast cancer?"
"Are patients with serious mental illness more likely to be admitted to nursing homes with more deficiencies in care?"
"Does the sex of acute stroke patients influence the effectiveness of rt-PA?"
"Therapeutic anticoagulation in the trauma patient: is it safe?"
"Assessing joint line positions by means of the contralateral knee: a new approach for planning knee revision surgery?"
"Are physicians meeting the needs of family caregivers of the frail elderly?"
"Convulsions and retinal haemorrhage: should we look further?"
"Can routine offering of influenza vaccination in office-based settings reduce racial and ethnic disparities in adult influenza vaccination?"
"\"Would a man smell a rose then throw it away?"
"Is Aspiration Thrombectomy Beneficial in Patients Undergoing Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention?"
"Does vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia have the same evolution as cervical intraepithelial neoplasia?"
"Are failures of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction associated with steep posterior tibial slopes?"
"Ultrasound in squamous cell carcinoma of the penis; a useful addition to clinical staging?"
"Do general practitioner hospitals reduce the utilisation of general hospital beds?"
"Contrast-enhanced MR imaging of hand and finger joints in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis: do we really need a full dose of gadobenate dimeglumine for assessing synovial enhancement at 3 T?"
"Do preoperative serum C-reactive protein levels predict the definitive pathological stage in patients with clinically localized prostate cancer?"
"Do foreign bodies migrate through the body towards the heart?"
"Sternal skin conductance: a reasonable surrogate for hot flash measurement?"
"Target Serum Urate: Do Gout Patients Know Their Goal?"
"Does the enteral feeding advancement affect short-term outcomes in very low birth weight infants?"
"Are stroke patients' reports of home blood pressure readings reliable?"
"Does pain intensity predict a poor opioid response in cancer patients?"
"Are patients willing participants in the new wave of community-based medical education in regional and rural Australia?"
"Is distance to provider a barrier to care for medicaid patients with breast, colorectal, or lung cancer?"
"Are reports of mechanical dysfunction in chronic oro-facial pain related to somatisation?"
"Orthostatic myoclonus: an underrecognized cause of unsteadiness?"
"Do Web-based and clinic samples of gay men living with HIV differ on self-reported physical and psychological symptoms?"
"Continuity of care experience of residents in an academic vascular department: are trainees learning complete surgical care?"
"Can tailored interventions increase mammography use among HMO women?"
"Is HIV/STD control in Jamaica making a difference?"
"Does maternal obesity have an influence on feeding behavior of obese children?"
"Are head and neck specific quality of life measures necessary?"
"Characterization of the gender dimorphism after injury and hemorrhagic shock: are hormonal differences responsible?"
"Have antiepileptic drug prescription claims changed following the FDA suicidality warning?"
"Does delaying surgery in immature adolescent idiopathic scoliosis patients with progressive curve, lead to addition of fusion levels?"
"The colour of pain: can patients use colour to describe osteoarthritis pain?"
"Inhibin: a new circulating marker of hydatidiform mole?"
"Screening History Among Women with Invasive Cervical Cancer in an Academic Medical Center: Will We Miss Cancers Following Updated Guidelines?"
"Rotator cuff tear--an occupational disease?"
"Is zero central line-associated bloodstream infection rate sustainable?"
"Telemedicine and type 1 diabetes: is technology per se sufficient to improve glycaemic control?"
"Learning needs of postpartum women: does socioeconomic status matter?"
"Is minimally invasive mitral valve repair with artificial chords reproducible and applicable in routine surgery?"
"Blunt trauma in intoxicated patients: is computed tomography of the abdomen always necessary?"
"Is a pressor necessary during aortic perfusion and oxygenation therapy of cardiac arrest?"
"Does responsibility affect the public's valuation of health care interventions?"
"Is eligibility for a chemotherapy protocol a good prognostic factor for invasive bladder cancer after radical cystectomy?"
"Are environmental factors important in primary systemic vasculitis?"
"Does feeding tube insertion and its timing improve survival?"
"Should chest wall irradiation be included after mastectomy and negative node breast cancer?"
"The inverse equity hypothesis: does it apply to coverage of cancer screening in middle-income countries?"
"Improvements in survival of gynaecological cancer in the Anglia region of England: are these an effect of centralisation of care and use of multidisciplinary management?"
"Thrombosis prophylaxis in hospitalised medical patients: does prophylaxis in all patients make sense?"
"The effective orifice area/patient aortic annulus area ratio: a better way to compare different bioprostheses?"
"Can the prognosis of polymyalgia rheumatica be predicted at disease onset?"
"Is transurethral catheterisation the ideal method of bladder drainage?"
"Do socioeconomic differences in mortality persist after retirement?"
"Do oblique views add value in the diagnosis of spondylolysis in adolescents?"
"Is cytokeratin immunoreactivity useful in the diagnosis of short-segment Barrett's oesophagus in Korea?"
"Are the GFRUP's recommendations for withholding or withdrawing treatments in critically ill children applicable?"
"Is it Crohn's disease?"
"Differentiation of nonalcoholic from alcoholic steatohepatitis: are routine laboratory markers useful?"
"Is gastric electrical stimulation superior to standard pharmacologic therapy in improving GI symptoms, healthcare resources, and long-term health care benefits?"
"Do microbiological factors account for poor pregnancy outcome among unmarried pregnant women in Poland?"
"Landolt C and snellen e acuity: differences in strabismus amblyopia?"
"The Omega-3 Index: a new risk factor for death from coronary heart disease?"
"Does pretreatment with statins improve clinical outcome after stroke?"
"Can pictorial warning labels on cigarette packages address smoking-related health disparities?"
"Is atropine needed with ketamine sedation?"
"Do European people with type 1 diabetes consume a high atherogenic diet?"
"Comparative safety of infliximab and etanercept on the risk of serious infections: does the association vary by patient characteristics?"
"Gadofosveset-enhanced MR angiography of carotid arteries: does steady-state imaging improve accuracy of first-pass imaging?"
"Is ankle/arm pressure predictive for cardiovascular mortality in older patients living in nursing homes?"
"Is fluoroscopy essential for retrieval of lower ureteric stones?"
"Can emergency physicians accurately and reliably assess acute vertigo in the emergency department?"
"Is the covering of the resection margin after distal pancreatectomy advantageous?"
"Serum angiotensin-converting enzyme and frequency of severe hypoglycaemia in Type 1 diabetes: does a relationship exist?"
"Cold preparation use in young children after FDA warnings: do concerns still exist?"
"Are the long-term results of the transanal pull-through equal to those of the transabdominal pull-through?"
"Is solitary kidney really more resistant to ischemia?"
"Does the type of tibial component affect mechanical alignment in unicompartmental knee replacement?"
"Does the distribution of health care benefits in Kenya meet the principles of universal coverage?"
"Does concept mapping enhance learning outcome of nursing students?"
"Is EQ-5D a valid quality of life instrument in patients with acute coronary syndrome?"
"Is the first urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) in women with suspected preeclampsia a prognostic factor for maternal and neonatal adverse outcome?"
"Are there gender differences in the reasons why African Americans delay in seeking medical help for symptoms of an acute myocardial infarction?"
"Should circumcision be performed in childhood?"
"Volume change of uterine myomas during pregnancy: do myomas really grow?"
"Outcome Feedback within Emergency Medicine Training Programs: An Opportunity to Apply the Theory of Deliberate Practice?"
"Can nonproliferative breast disease and proliferative breast disease without atypia be distinguished by fine-needle aspiration cytology?"
"Remote ischemic postconditioning: does it protect against ischemic damage in percutaneous coronary revascularization?"
"The promise of specialty pharmaceuticals: are they worth the price?"
"Standardizing care in medical oncology: are Web-based systems the answer?"
"Can early second-look tympanoplasty reduce the rate of conversion to modified radical mastoidectomy?"
"Is vitamin D deficiency a feature of pediatric celiac disease?"
"Does strategy training reduce age-related deficits in working memory?"
"Colorectal cancer in young patients: is it a distinct clinical entity?"
"Does the radiographic transition zone correlate with the level of aganglionosis on the specimen in Hirschsprung's disease?"
"Does airway surgery lower serum lipid levels in obstructive sleep apnea patients?"
"Does a special interest in laparoscopy affect the treatment of acute cholecystitis?"
"Is the type of remission after a major depressive episode an important risk factor to relapses in a 4-year follow up?"
"Do patients with rheumatoid arthritis established on methotrexate and folic acid 5 mg daily need to continue folic acid supplements long term?"
"Do elderly patients call 911 when presented with clinical scenarios suggestive of acute stroke?"
"Does a physician's specialty influence the recording of medication history in patients' case notes?"
"Does TDP-43 type confer a distinct pattern of atrophy in frontotemporal lobar degeneration?"
"Can shape analysis differentiate free-floating internal carotid artery thrombus from atherosclerotic plaque in patients evaluated with CTA for stroke or transient ischemic attack?"
"Could ADMA levels in young adults born preterm predict an early endothelial dysfunction?"
"Birth characteristics and risk of low intellectual performance in early adulthood: are the associations confounded by socioeconomic factors in adolescence or familial effects?"
"Risky sexual behavior among college students With ADHD: is the mother-child relationship protective?"
"Do preoperative statins reduce atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting?"
"Does anastomotic leakage affect functional outcome after rectal resection for cancer?"
"Does laparoscopic antireflux surgery improve quality of life in patients whose gastro-oesophageal reflux disease is well controlled with medical therapy?"
"Measuring hospital mortality rates: are 30-day data enough?"
"Diffusion-weighted echo-planar MR imaging of primary parotid gland tumors: is a prediction of different histologic subtypes possible?"
"Do patterns of knowledge and attitudes exist among unvaccinated seniors?"
"Living in an urban environment and non-communicable disease risk in Thailand: Does timing matter?"
"Are high flow nasal cannulae noisier than bubble CPAP for preterm infants?"
"Residual fundus or neofundus after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy: is fundectomy safe and effective as revision surgery?"
"Do hospitals provide lower quality care on weekends?"
"Are normally sighted, visually impaired, and blind pedestrians accurate and reliable at making street crossing decisions?"
"Does high blood pressure reduce the risk of chronic low back pain?"
"Do acute changes in heart rate by isoproterenol affect aortic stiffness in patients with hypertension?"
"Does health information exchange reduce redundant imaging?"
"Bridge experience with long-term implantable left ventricular assist devices. Are they an alternative to transplantation?"
"Does HER2 immunoreactivity provide prognostic information in locally advanced urothelial carcinoma patients receiving adjuvant M-VEC chemotherapy?"
"A comparison of 500 prefilled textured saline breast implants versus 500 standard textured saline breast implants: is there a difference in deflation rates?"
"Can students' scores on preclerkship clinical performance examinations predict that they will fail a senior clinical performance examination?"
"Does Viral Co-Infection Influence the Severity of Acute Respiratory Infection in Children?"
"Nutritional assessment of gluten-free diet. Is gluten-free diet deficient in some nutrient?"
"Does an additional antirotation U-Blade (RC) lag screw improve treatment of AO/OTA 31 A1-3 fractures with gamma 3 nail?"
"Can magnetic resonance-ultrasound fusion biopsy improve cancer detection in enlarged prostates?"
"Secondhand smoke risk in infants discharged from an NICU: potential for significant health disparities?"
"Does higher body mass index contribute to worse asthma control in an urban population?"
"Elephant trunk in a small-calibre true lumen for chronic aortic dissection: cause of haemolytic anaemia?"
"Risk factors for avascular necrosis of bone in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: is there a role for antiphospholipid antibodies?"
"Is laparoscopic cholecystectomy safe and acceptable as a day case procedure?"
"Does nuchal translucency thickness in the first trimester predict GDM onset during pregnancy?"
"Cerebromediastinal tuberculosis in a child with a probable Say-Barber-Miller syndrome: a causative link?"
"Is the breast best for children with a family history of atopy?"
"Prevalence of chronic conditions among Medicare Part A beneficiaries in 2008 and 2010: are Medicare beneficiaries getting sicker?"
"Are adult body circumferences associated with height?"
"Are bipolar disorders underdiagnosed in patients with depressive episodes?"
"Preoperative platelet count in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: is it a prognostic factor?"
"Dementia and aphasia in motor neuron disease: an underrecognised association?"
"Prostate bed target interfractional motion using RTOG consensus definitions and daily CT on rails : Does target motion differ between superior and inferior portions of the clinical target volume?"
"Israeli hospital preparedness for terrorism-related multiple casualty incidents: can the surge capacity and injury severity distribution be better predicted?"
"Does ibuprofen increase perioperative blood loss during hip arthroplasty?"
"Are women who are treated for hypothyroidism at risk for pregnancy complications?"
"Attaining negative margins in breast-conservation operations: is there a consensus among breast surgeons?"
"Is cardiovascular evaluation necessary prior to and during beta-blocker therapy for infantile hemangiomas?"
"Can dentists recognize manipulated digital radiographs?"
"Can mass drug administration lead to the sustainable control of schistosomiasis?"
"Do Surrogates of Injury Severity Influence the Occurrence of Heterotopic Ossification in Fractures of the Acetabulum?"
"Is plate clearing a risk factor for obesity?"
"Search engine as a diagnostic tool in difficult immunological and allergologic cases: is Google useful?"
"Does preoperative anemia adversely affect colon and rectal surgery outcomes?"
"Does the aggressive use of polyvalent antivenin for rattlesnake bites result in serious acute side effects?"
"Failed IUD insertions in community practice: an under-recognized problem?"
"Assessment of appropriate antimicrobial prescribing: do experts agree?"
"Can elevated troponin I levels predict complicated clinical course and inhospital mortality in patients with acute pulmonary embolism?"
"Is specialty care associated with improved survival of patients with congestive heart failure?"
"Does immediate breast reconstruction compromise the delivery of adjuvant chemotherapy?"
"Body perception: do parents, their children, and their children's physicians perceive body image differently?"
"Can Flexible Instruments Create Adequate Femoral Tunnel Lengths at 90° of Knee Flexion in Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction?"
"Can Ambu self-inflating bag and Neopuff infant resuscitator provide adequate and safe manual inflations for infants up to 10 kg weight?"
"Lloyd-Davies position with Trendelenburg--a disaster waiting to happen?"
"Are neighbourhood social capital and availability of sports facilities related to sports participation among Dutch adolescents?"
"Totally implantable venous access device placement by interventional radiologists: are prophylactic antibiotics necessary?"
"Colorectal cancer with synchronous liver metastases: does global management at the same centre improve results?"
"Percutaneous ethanol injection for benign cystic thyroid nodules: is aspiration of ethanol-mixed fluid advantageous?"
"Can 'high-risk' human papillomaviruses (HPVs) be detected in human breast milk?"
"Does the Transmissible Liability Index (TLI) assessed in late childhood predict suicidal symptoms at young adulthood?"
"Are there associations of health status, disease activity and damage in SLE patients?"
"Can p53 alterations be used to predict tumour response to pre-operative chemo-radiotherapy in locally advanced rectal cancer?"
"Does open access publishing increase the impact of scientific articles?"
"Is duration of psychological treatment for depression related to return into treatment?"
"Do family physicians know the costs of medical care?"
"Hearing loss: an unknown complication of pre-eclampsia?"
"Is routine intraoperative frozen-section examination of sentinel lymph nodes in breast cancer worthwhile?"
"Regional anesthesia as compared with general anesthesia for surgery in geriatric patients with hip fracture: does it decrease morbidity, mortality, and health care costs?"
"Recovery Outcome Measures: Is There a Place for Culture, Attitudes, and Faith?"
"Does lunar position influence the time of delivery?"
"Can a practicing surgeon detect early lymphedema reliably?"
"Is irritable bowel syndrome a diagnosis of exclusion?"
"Can fractional lasers enhance transdermal absorption of topical lidocaine in an in vivo animal model?"
"Is tumour expression of VEGF associated with venous invasion and survival in pT3 renal cell carcinoma?"
"Is bicompartmental knee arthroplasty more favourable to knee muscle strength and physical performance compared to total knee arthroplasty?"
"Do older patients receive adequate stroke care?"
"Does successful completion of the Perinatal Education Programme result in improved obstetric practice?"
"Juvenile ankylosing spondylitis--is it the same disease as adult ankylosing spondylitis?"
"Cardiovascular risk in a rural adult West African population: is resting heart rate also relevant?"
"Do familiar teammates request and accept more backup?"
"Are financial incentives cost-effective to support smoking cessation during pregnancy?"
"A patient with myelomeningocele: is untethering necessary prior to scoliosis correction?"
"Does the manic/mixed episode distinction in bipolar disorder patients run true over time?"
"Stage I non-small cell lung carcinoma: really an early stage?"
"Does hypoglycaemia increase the risk of cardiovascular events?"
"Does use of hydrophilic guidewires significantly improve technical success rates of peripheral PTA?"
"Do all ethnic groups in New Zealand exhibit socio-economic mortality gradients?"
"Eyelid-parotid metastasis: do we screen for coexisting masses?"
"Memory-provoked rCBF-SPECT as a diagnostic tool in Alzheimer's disease?"
"Are patients with Werlhof's disease at increased risk for bleeding complications when undergoing cardiac surgery?"
"It's Fournier's gangrene still dangerous?"
"Are WHO/UNAIDS/UNICEF-recommended replacement milks for infants of HIV-infected mothers appropriate in the South African context?"
"Processing fluency effects: can the content and presentation of participant information sheets influence recruitment and participation for an antenatal intervention?"
"Do mossy fibers release GABA?"
"Does open access endoscopy close the door to an adequately informed patient?"
"Do instrumental activities of daily living predict dementia at 1- and 2-year follow-up?"
"Is There an Additional Value of Using Somatostatin Receptor Subtype 2a Immunohistochemistry Compared to Somatostatin Receptor Scintigraphy Uptake in Predicting Gastroenteropancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumor Response?"
"Should all patients be optimized to the same preoperative hemoglobin level to avoid transfusion in primary knee arthroplasty?"
"Do African American women require fewer calories to maintain weight?"
"Should serum pancreatic lipase replace serum amylase as a biomarker of acute pancreatitis?"
"Pertrochanteric fractures: is there an advantage to an intramedullary nail?"
"Is intrapartum vibroacoustic stimulation an effective predictor of fetal acidosis?"
"Is trabecular bone related to primary stability of miniscrews?"
"Does the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale favor left hemisphere strokes?"
"Is external palliative radiotherapy for gallbladder carcinoma effective?"
"Is laparoscopic sonography a reliable and sensitive procedure for staging colorectal cancer?"
"Treadmill testing of children who have spina bifida and are ambulatory: does peak oxygen uptake reflect maximum oxygen uptake?"
"Chronic functional somatic symptoms: a single syndrome?"
"Cardiac reoperations in octogenarians: Do they really benefit?"
"Is it appropriate to implant kidneys from elderly donors in young recipients?"
"Does fluoridation reduce the use of dental services among adults?"
"Do cytokine concentrations in pancreatic juice predict the presence of pancreatic diseases?"
"Can we ease the financial burden of colonoscopy?"
"Do supervised colorectal trainees differ from consultants in terms of quality of TME surgery?"
"Does ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament affect the neurological outcome after traumatic cervical cord injury?"
"Are octogenarians at high risk for carotid endarterectomy?"
"Is Acupuncture Efficacious for Treating Phonotraumatic Vocal Pathologies?"
"Is leptin involved in phagocytic NADPH oxidase overactivity in obesity?"
"Predicting admission at triage: are nurses better than a simple objective score?"
"Can transcranial direct current stimulation be useful in differentiating unresponsive wakefulness syndrome from minimally conscious state patients?"
"Should direct mesocolon invasion be included in T4 for the staging of gastric cancer?"
"Is obesity a risk factor for wheezing among adolescents?"
"Is Panton-Valentine leucocidin associated with the pathogenesis of Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia in the UK?"
"Does screening or surveillance for primary hepatocellular carcinoma with ultrasonography improve the prognosis of patients?"
"Are sugars-free medicines more erosive than sugars-containing medicines?"
"Is intensive chemotherapy safe for rural cancer patients?"
"Evaluation of pediatric VCUG at an academic children's hospital: is the radiographic scout image necessary?"
"Is it possible to stop treatment with nucleos(t)ide analogs in patients with e-antigen negative chronic hepatitis B?"
"Fragility of the esophageal mucosa: a pathognomonic endoscopic sign of primary eosinophilic esophagitis?"
"Is renal warm ischemia over 30 minutes during laparoscopic partial nephrectomy possible?"
"Is there a relationship between complex fractionated atrial electrograms recorded during atrial fibrillation and sinus rhythm fractionation?"
"Does early discharge with nurse home visits affect adequacy of newborn metabolic screening?"
"Is digoxin use for cardiovascular disease associated with risk of prostate cancer?"
"Motor performance in chronic low back pain: is there an influence of pain-related cognitions?"
"A short stay or 23-hour ward in a general and academic children's hospital: are they effective?"
"Scrotal approach to both palpable and impalpable undescended testes: should it become our first choice?"
"Is the cell death in mesial temporal sclerosis apoptotic?"
"Is arch form influenced by sagittal molar relationship or Bolton tooth-size discrepancy?"
"Do Indigenous Australians age prematurely?"
"Endovenous laser ablation in the treatment of small saphenous varicose veins: does site of access influence early outcomes?"
"Midwives' competence: is it affected by working in a rural location?"
"Is Bare-Metal Stent Implantation Still Justifiable in High Bleeding Risk Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention?"
"Attenuation of ischemia/reperfusion-induced ovarian damage in rats: does edaravone offer protection?"
"Are the elderly with oropharyngeal carcinoma undertreated?"
"Diagnosis and follow-up in constipated children: should we use ultrasound?"
"Bony defects in chronic anterior posttraumatic dislocation of the shoulder: Is there a correlation between humeral and glenoidal lesions?"
"Preoperative tracheobronchoscopy in newborns with esophageal atresia: does it matter?"
"Is Chaalia/Pan Masala harmful for health?"
"Should displaced midshaft clavicular fractures be treated surgically?"
"Neoadjuvant Imatinib in Locally Advanced Gastrointestinal stromal Tumours, Will Kit Mutation Analysis Be a Pathfinder?"
"Should pulp chamber pulpotomy be seen as a permanent treatment?"
"Do provider service networks result in lower expenditures compared with HMOs or primary care case management in Florida's Medicaid program?"
"Preoperative locoregional staging of gastric cancer: is there a place for magnetic resonance imaging?"
"Chemoradiotherapy in the management of locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma esophagus: is surgical resection required?"
"Does depression diagnosis and antidepressant prescribing vary by location?"
"Can implant retention be recommended for treatment of infected TKA?"
"Can autologous platelet-rich plasma gel enhance healing after surgical extraction of mandibular third molars?"
"Does short-term treatment with proton pump inhibitors cause rebound aggravation of symptoms?"
"Is muscle power related to running speed with changes of direction?"
"Marital status, living arrangement and mortality: does the association vary by gender?"
"Does normothermic normokalemic simultaneous antegrade/retrograde perfusion improve myocardial oxygenation and energy metabolism for hypertrophied hearts?"
"Diagnostic and therapeutic ureteroscopy: is dilatation of ureteral meatus always necessary?"
"Intravenous administration of metoclopramide by 2 min bolus vs 15 min infusion: does it affect the improvement of headache while reducing the side effects?"
"Do inhaled corticosteroids affect perception of dyspnea during bronchoconstriction in asthma?"
"Do mitochondria play a role in remodelling lace plant leaves during programmed cell death?"
"The clinical significance of bile duct sludge: is it different from bile duct stones?"
"Are pediatric concussion patients compliant with discharge instructions?"
"Laminoplasty outcomes: is there a difference between patients with degenerative stenosis and those with ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament?"
"Is non-invasive diagnosis of esophageal varices in patients with compensated hepatic cirrhosis possible by duplex Doppler ultrasonography?"
"Does parity increase insulin resistance during pregnancy?"
"Literacy after cerebral hemispherectomy: Can the isolated right hemisphere read?"
"Does having a regular primary care clinician improve quality of preventive care for young children?"
"Prognosis of well differentiated small hepatocellular carcinoma--is well differentiated hepatocellular carcinoma clinically early cancer?"
"Treadmill training post stroke: are there any secondary benefits?"
"Empiric treatment of uncomplicated urinary tract infection with fluoroquinolones in older women in Israel: another lost treatment option?"
"Pituitary apoplexy: do histological features influence the clinical presentation and outcome?"
"Do \"America's Best Hospitals\" perform better for acute myocardial infarction?"
"Does rural or urban residence make a difference to neonatal outcome in premature birth?"
"Globulomaxillary cysts--do they really exist?"
"Transsphenoidal pituitary surgery in Cushing's disease: can we predict outcome?"
"Does head positioning influence anterior chamber depth in pseudoexfoliation syndrome?"
"Does patient position during liver surgery influence the risk of venous air embolism?"
"Does Sensation Return to the Nasal Tip After Microfat Grafting?"
"Neck pain treatment with acupuncture: does the number of needles matter?"
"Does body mass index (BMI) influence morbidity and long-term survival in gastric cancer patients after gastrectomy?"
"Cutaneous melanoma in a multiethnic population: is this a different disease?"
"Is severe macrosomia manifested at 11-14 weeks of gestation?"
"Application of computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) in MR-mammography (MRM): do we really need whole lesion time curve distribution analysis?"
"Do nontriploid partial hydatidiform moles exist?"
"Is it time to reconsider lobectomy in low-risk paediatric thyroid cancer?"
"Are we seeing the effects of public awareness campaigns?"
"Is fear of anaphylactic shock discouraging surgeons from more widely adopting percutaneous and laparoscopic techniques in the treatment of liver hydatid cyst?"
"Metastatic carcinoma to the cervical nodes from an unknown head and neck primary site: Is there a need for neck dissection?"
"Spleen-preserving distal pancreatectomy with resection of the splenic vessels. Should one rely on the short gastric arteries?"
"Are physicians aware of the side effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors?"
"Does induction chemotherapy have a role in the management of nasopharyngeal carcinoma?"
"Is there a favorable subset of patients with prostate cancer who develop oligometastases?"
"Does a geriatric oncology consultation modify the cancer treatment plan for elderly patients?"
"Does limb-salvage surgery offer patients better quality of life and functional capacity than amputation?"
"Does context matter for the relationship between deprivation and all-cause mortality?"
"Does delivery mode affect women's postpartum quality of life in rural China?"
"Can clinical supervision sustain our workforce in the current healthcare landscape?"
"Is non-HDL-cholesterol a better predictor of long-term outcome in patients after acute myocardial infarction compared to LDL-cholesterol?"
"Does histologic chorioamnionitis correspond to clinical chorioamnionitis?"
"Aromatase inhibitor-related musculoskeletal symptoms: is preventing osteoporosis the key to eliminating these symptoms?"
"Profiling quality of care: Is there a role for peer review?"
"Pulmonary valve replacement in adults late after repair of tetralogy of fallot: are we operating too late?"
"Is the determination of specific IgE against components using ISAC 112 a reproducible technique?"
"A model of healing of Los Angeles grades C and D reflux oesophagitis: is there an optimal time of acid suppression for maximal healing?"
"Does managed care enable more low income persons to identify a usual source of care?"
"Does pediatric housestaff experience influence tests ordered for infants in the neonatal intensive care unit?"
"Longer term quality of life and outcome in stroke patients: is the Barthel index alone an adequate measure of outcome?"
"Some aspects of social exclusion: do they influence suicide mortality?"
"Has the 80-hour workweek improved surgical resident education in New England?"
"Does implant coating with antibacterial-loaded hydrogel reduce bacterial colonization and biofilm formation in vitro?"
"Can medical students contribute to quality assurance programmes in day surgery?"
"Can computerised tomography replace bone scintigraphy in detecting bone metastases from breast cancer?"
"Validation of the 2009 TNM version in a large multi-institutional cohort of patients treated for renal cell carcinoma: are further improvements needed?"
"Does oral α-galactosidase relieve irritable bowel symptoms?"
"Actinobaculum schaalii, a cause of urinary tract infections in children?"
"Is alexithymia a risk factor for unexplained physical symptoms in general medical outpatients?"
"Is there a connection between sublingual varices and hypertension?"
"Can distal ureteral diameter predict reflux resolution after endoscopic injection?"
"Will clinical studies elucidate the connection between the length of storage of transfused red blood cells and clinical outcomes?"
"Ultra high risk (UHR) for psychosis criteria: are there different levels of risk for transition to psychosis?"
"Are 99mTc leukocyte scintigraphy and SBFT studies useful in children suspected of having inflammatory bowel disease?"
"Is there a role for leukocyte and CRP measurements in the diagnosis of acute appendicitis in the elderly?"
"Is size-reducing ascending aortoplasty with external reinforcement an option in modern aortic surgery?"
"Should prostate specific antigen be adjusted for body mass index?"
"Is intraoperative neuromonitoring associated with better functional outcome in patients undergoing open TME?"
"Do healthier lifestyles lead to less utilization of healthcare resources?"
"Treatment as prevention in resource-limited settings: is it feasible to maintain HIV viral load suppression over time?"
"Double balloon enteroscopy: is it efficacious and safe in a community setting?"
"Is being small for gestational age a risk factor for retinopathy of prematurity?"
"Does the sequence of clamp application during open abdominal aortic aneurysm surgery influence distal embolisation?"
"Is aerobic workload positively related to ambulatory blood pressure?"
"Does left atrial appendage (LAA) occlusion device alter the echocardiography and electrocardiogram parameters in patients with atrial fibrillation?"
"Does early migraine treatment shorten time to headache peak and reduce its severity?"
"Quality of life in lung cancer patients: does socioeconomic status matter?"
"Does peritoneal dialysis affect halitosis in patients with end-stage renal disease?"
"Can the postoperative pain level be predicted preoperatively?"
"Prognostic factors for cervical spondylotic amyotrophy: are signs of spinal cord involvement associated with the neurological prognosis?"
"Resection of colorectal liver metastases after second-line chemotherapy: is it worthwhile?"
"Is there a uniform basal endometrial gene expression profile during the implantation window in women who became pregnant in a subsequent ICSI cycle?"
"Do the changes in the serum levels of IL-2, IL-4, TNFalpha, and IL-6 reflect the inflammatory activity in the patients with post-ERCP pancreatitis?"
"Analysis of the epidemiological pattern of Shigellosis in Barcelona between 1988 and 2012: Is it an emerging sexually transmitted infection?"
"Does telmisartan prevent hepatic fibrosis in rats with alloxan-induced diabetes?"
"Can APC mutation analysis contribute to therapeutic decisions in familial adenomatous polyposis?"
"Is diffusion-weighted imaging a significant indicator of the development of vascularization in hypovascular hepatocellular lesions?"
"Does family practice at residency teaching sites reflect community practice?"
"Does hippocampal atrophy on MRI predict cognitive decline?"
"Estimation of basal metabolic rate in Chinese: are the current prediction equations applicable?"
"Thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm repair: is reimplantation of spinal cord arteries a waste of time?"
"Does diabetes mellitus influence the efficacy of FDG-PET in the diagnosis of cervical cancer?"
"Is prophylactic fixation a cost-effective method to prevent a future contralateral fragility hip fracture?"
"Can bone thickness and inter-radicular space affect miniscrew placement in posterior mandibular sites?"
"Is lumbar drainage of postoperative cerebrospinal fluid fistula after spine surgery effective?"
"Are physician estimates of asthma severity less accurate in black than in white patients?"
"Is late-night salivary cortisol a better screening test for possible cortisol excess than standard screening tests in obese patients with Type 2 diabetes?"
"Perioperative care in an animal model for training in abdominal surgery: is it necessary a preoperative fasting?"
"Does blood pressure change in treated hypertensive patients depending on whether it is measured by a physician or a nurse?"
"Is nasogastric decompression useful in prevention of leaks after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy?"
"Can D-dimer become a new diagnostic parameter for acute appendicitis?"
"Could chest wall rigidity be a factor in rapid death from illicit fentanyl abuse?"
"Is the combination with 2-methoxyestradiol able to reduce the dosages of chemotherapeutices in the treatment of human ovarian cancer?"
"Do ventricular arrhythmias in athletes subside over time?"
"Has the use of complementary and alternative medicine therapies by U.S. adults with chronic disease-related functional limitations changed from 2002 to 2007?"
"Gynecological cancer alarm symptoms: is contact with specialist care associated with lifestyle and socioeconomic status?"
"Can echocardiography and ECG discriminate hereditary transthyretin V30M amyloidosis from hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?"
"Mitral replacement or repair for functional mitral regurgitation in dilated and ischemic cardiomyopathy: is it really the same?"
"Injury and poisoning mortality among young men--are there any common factors amenable to prevention?"
"The FOOTSTEP self-management foot care programme: are rheumatoid arthritis patients physically able to participate?"
"Hypotension in patients with coronary disease: can profound hypotensive events cause myocardial ischaemic events?"
"Does case-mix based reimbursement stimulate the development of process-oriented care delivery?"
"Is hypoalbuminemia an independent prognostic factor in patients with gastric cancer?"
"Uniformity of evidence-based treatments in practice?"
"Does tranexamic acid reduce desmopressin-induced hyperfibrinolysis?"
"Is scintigraphy a guideline method in determining amputation levels in diabetic foot?"
"Does topical ropivacaine reduce the post-tonsillectomy morbidity in pediatric patients?"
"Does ethnicity affect where people with cancer die?"
"Does increased use of private health care reduce the demand for NHS care?"
"Does performance in selection processes predict performance as a dental student?"
"Metered-dose inhalers. Do health care providers know what to teach?"
"Fast foods - are they a risk factor for asthma?"
"Cancer of the buccal mucosa: are margins and T-stage accurate predictors of local control?"
"Double reading of barium enemas: is it necessary?"
"Is robotically assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy less invasive than retropubic radical prostatectomy?"
"Delayed peripheral facial palsy in the stapes surgery: can it be prevented?"
"Are pelvic anatomical structures in danger during arthroscopic acetabular labral repair?"
"Do general practice characteristics influence uptake of an information technology (IT) innovation in primary care?"
"Is endometrial polyp formation associated with increased expression of vascular endothelial growth factor and transforming growth factor-beta1?"
"Is the h-index predictive of greater NIH funding success among academic radiologists?"
"Fulfilling human resources development goal in West Africa: can the training of ophthalmologist diplomates be improved?"
"Does route of delivery affect maternal and perinatal outcome in women with eclampsia?"
"Is the Androgen Deficiency of Aging Men (ADAM) questionnaire useful for the screening of partial androgenic deficiency of aging men?"
"Does minimal access major surgery in the newborn hurt less?"
"Do viral infections have a role in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo?"
"Does skin care frequency affect the severity of incontinence-associated dermatitis in critically ill patients?"
"Is motion perception deficit in schizophrenia a consequence of eye-tracking abnormality?"
"The nurse cystoscopist: a feasible option?"
"Canada's Compassionate Care Benefit: is it an adequate public health response to addressing the issue of caregiver burden in end-of-life care?"
"Is expert breast pathology assessment necessary for the management of ductal carcinoma in situ ?"
"Does the SCL 90-R obsessive-compulsive dimension identify cognitive impairments?"
"Is minilaparoscopic inguinal hernia repair feasible?"
"Do inhaled steroids differ from cromones in terms of hospital admission rates for asthma in children?"
"Can static foot posture measurements predict regional plantar surface area?"
"Combining process indicators to evaluate quality of care for surgical patients with colorectal cancer: are scores consistent with short-term outcome?"
"Does desflurane alter left ventricular function when used to control surgical stimulation during aortic surgery?"
"Does ultrasound imaging before puncture facilitate internal jugular vein cannulation?"
"Antral follicle assessment as a tool for predicting outcome in IVF--is it a better predictor than age and FSH?"
"Do emergency medical services professionals think they should participate in disease prevention?"
"Is the probability of prenatal diagnosis or termination of pregnancy different for fetuses with congenital anomalies conceived following assisted reproductive techniques?"
"Substance use and HIV-related sexual behaviors among US high school students: are they related?"
"Is the ability to perform transurethral resection of the prostate influenced by the surgeon's previous experience?"
"Affect-regulated exercise intensity: does training at an intensity that feels 'good' improve physical health?"
"Does laparoscopic surgery decrease the risk of atrial fibrillation after foregut surgery?"
"The association of puberty and young adolescent alcohol use: do parents have a moderating role?"
"Health care for immigrants in Europe: is there still consensus among country experts about principles of good practice?"
"Are laboratories reporting serum quantitative hCG results correctly?"
"Does laparoscopic cholecystectomy influence peri-sinusoidal cell activity?"
"Amblyopia: is visual loss permanent?"
"Are endometrial polyps from pre-menopausal women similar to post-menopausal women?"
"Measurement of head and neck paragangliomas: is volumetric analysis worth the effort?"
"Cigarettes and cinema: does parental restriction of R-rated movie viewing reduce adolescent smoking susceptibility?"
"Are home sampling kits for sexually transmitted infections acceptable among men who have sex with men?"
"Detailed analysis of sputum and systemic inflammation in asthma phenotypes: are paucigranulocytic asthmatics really non-inflammatory?"
"Does radiotherapy of the primary rectal cancer affect prognosis after pelvic exenteration for recurrent rectal cancer?"
"Is resected stomach volume related to weight loss after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy?"
"Can decisional algorithms replace global introspection in the individual causality assessment of spontaneously reported ADRs?"
"Treatment of contralateral hydrocele in neonatal testicular torsion: Is less more?"
"Is a 9-month treatment sufficient in tuberculous enterocolitis?"
"Cardiopulmonary bypass temperature does not affect postoperative euthyroid sick syndrome?"
"Does receipt of hospice care in nursing homes improve the management of pain at the end of life?"
"Can vitamin C prevent complex regional pain syndrome in patients with wrist fractures?"
"Is adjustment for reporting heterogeneity necessary in sleep disorders?"
"Human papillomavirus and pterygium. Is the virus a risk factor?"
"Is there a model to teach and practice retroperitoneoscopic nephrectomy?"
"Expression of c-kit protooncogen in hepatitis B virus-induced chronic hepatitis, cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma: has it a diagnostic role?"
"Biomechanical and wound healing characteristics of corneas after excimer laser keratorefractive surgery: is there a difference between advanced surface ablation and sub-Bowman's keratomileusis?"
"Can vaginal pH be measured from the wet mount slide?"
"Is first-line single-agent mitoxantrone in the treatment of high-risk metastatic breast cancer patients as effective as combination chemotherapy?"
"Must early postoperative oral intake be limited to laparoscopy?"
"Schizophrenia patients with high intelligence: A clinically distinct sub-type of schizophrenia?"
"Laparoscopic-assisted ileocolic resections in patients with Crohn's disease: are abscesses, phlegmons, or recurrent disease contraindications?"
"Is determination between complete and incomplete traumatic spinal cord injury clinically relevant?"
"Does treatment duration affect outcome after radiotherapy for prostate cancer?"
"Could ESC (Electronic Stability Control) change the way we drive?"
"Does a dedicated discharge coordinator improve the quality of hospital discharge?"
"Should ascitis volume and anthropometric measurements be estimated in hospitalized alcoholic cirrotics?"
"Is pain a clinically relevant problem in general adult psychiatry?"
"Serovar specific immunity to Neisseria gonorrhoeae: does it exist?"
"Are interstitial fluid concentrations of meropenem equivalent to plasma concentrations in critically ill patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy?"
"Does insulin resistance drive the association between hyperglycemia and cardiovascular risk?"
"Sternal plating for primary and secondary sternal closure; can it improve sternal stability?"
"Is calibration the cause of variation in liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry testosterone measurement?"
"Is oral endotracheal intubation efficacy impaired in the helicopter environment?"
"Does patient-prosthesis mismatch after aortic valve replacement affect survival and quality of life in elderly patients?"
"Is combined therapy more effective than growth hormone or hyperbaric oxygen alone in the healing of left ischemic and non-ischemic colonic anastomoses?"
"The secular growth acceleration: does it appear during fetal life?"
"Could the extent of lymphadenectomy be modified by neoadjuvant chemotherapy in cervical cancer?"
"Delays in time to primary treatment after a diagnosis of breast cancer: does it impact survival?"
"Can continuous physical training counteract aging effect on myoelectric fatigue?"
"Assessment of carotid artery stenosis before coronary artery bypass surgery. Is it always necessary?"
"Does Paget's disease exist in India?"
"Prognosis of low-tone sudden deafness - does it inevitably progress to Meniere's disease?"
"Is perforation of the appendix a risk factor for tubal infertility and ectopic pregnancy?"
"Is there a correlation between androgens and sexual desire in women?"
"Are intraoperative precursor events associated with postoperative major adverse events?"
"Do overweight children necessarily make overweight adults?"
"Does prior benign prostate biopsy predict outcome for patients treated with radical perineal prostatectomy?"
"Long-term significance of postictal psychotic episodes II. Are they predictive of interictal psychotic episodes?"
"Do somatic complaints predict subsequent symptoms of depression?"
"Biliary atresia: should all patients undergo a portoenterostomy?"
"Does a febrile reaction to platelets predispose recipients to red blood cell alloimmunization?"
"Does age moderate the effect of personality disorder on coping style in psychiatric inpatients?"
"Does Mammographic Density have an Impact on the Margin Re-excision Rate After Breast-Conserving Surgery?"
"The effect of an intracerebroventricular injection of metformin or AICAR on the plasma concentrations of melatonin in the ewe: potential involvement of AMPK?"
"Proliferative index obtained by DNA image cytometry. Does it add prognostic information in Auer IV breast cancer?"
"The objective structured clinical examination: can physician-examiners participate from a distance?"
"Is delayed gastric emptying following pancreaticoduodenectomy related to pylorus preservation?"
"Is high-sensitivity C-reactive protein associated with carotid atherosclerosis in healthy Koreans?"
"Is there any interest to perform ultrasonography in boys with undescended testis?"
"Production of chemokines by perivascular adipose tissue: a role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis?"
"Cardiogenic shock complicating acute myocardial infarction in elderly patients: does admission to a tertiary center improve survival?"
"Immune suppression by lysosomotropic amines and cyclosporine on T-cell responses to minor and major histocompatibility antigens: does synergy exist?"
"Could different follow-up modalities play a role in the diagnosis of asymptomatic endometrial cancer relapses?"
"Does lung ischemia and reperfusion have an impact on coronary flow?"
"Preservation of the PCL when performing cruciate-retaining TKA: Is the tibial tuberosity a reliable predictor of the PCL footprint location?"
"Does sonographic needle guidance affect the clinical outcome of intraarticular injections?"
"Biomolecular identification of allergenic pollen: a new perspective for aerobiological monitoring?"
"Should cavitation in proximal surfaces be reported in cone beam computed tomography examination?"
"HIF1A as a major vascular endothelial growth factor regulator: do its polymorphisms have an association with age-related macular degeneration?"
"Parasacral sciatic nerve block: does the elicited motor response predict the success rate?"
"Suturing of the nasal septum after septoplasty, is it an effective alternative to nasal packing?"
"Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus: are the criteria proposed by the international association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups cost-effective?"
"Is there an intrauterine influence on obesity?"
"Is severe pain immediately after spinal augmentation a predictor of long-term outcomes?"
"Transesophageal echocardiographic assessment of left ventricular function in brain-dead patients: are marginally acceptable hearts suitable for transplantation?"
"Is inhaled prophylactic heparin useful for prevention and Management of Pneumonia in ventilated ICU patients?"
"c-Kit-dependent growth of uveal melanoma cells: a potential therapeutic target?"
"The use of audit to identify maternal mortality in different settings: is it just a difference between the rich and the poor?"
"Bactericidal activity of 3 cutaneous/mucosal antiseptic solutions in the presence of interfering substances: Improvement of the NF EN 13727 European Standard?"
"Does automatic transmission improve driving behavior in older drivers?"
"Is the Distance Worth It?"
"Does increasing blood pH stimulate protein synthesis in dialysis patients?"
"Do antibiotics decrease post-tonsillectomy morbidity?"
"Are even impaired fasting blood glucose levels preoperatively associated with increased mortality after CABG surgery?"
"Steroids in aminoglycoside-containing ear drops: do they reduce cochlear toxicity?"
"Does music influence stress in mechanically ventilated patients?"
"MR Diagnosis of Bone Metastases at 1.5 T and 3 T: Can STIR Imaging Be Omitted?"
"Does sex influence the response to intravenous thrombolysis in ischemic stroke?"
"Does gestational age misclassification explain the difference in birthweights for Australian aborigines and whites?"
"Can infundibular height predict the clearance of lower pole calyceal stone after extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy?"
"Does preloading with colloids prevent hemodynamic changes when neurosurgical patients are subsequently changed to the seated position?"
"Should early extubation be the goal for children after congenital cardiac surgery?"
"Can bisphosphonate treatment be stopped in a growing child with skeletal fragility?"
"Ovarian torsion in children: is oophorectomy necessary?"
"Chronic progressive cervical myelopathy with HTLV-I infection: Variant form of HAM/TSP?"
"Can gingival crevicular blood be relied upon for assessment of blood glucose level?"
"Does Residency Selection Criteria Predict Performance in Orthopaedic Surgery Residency?"
"The Prevalence of Incidentally Detected Idiopathic Misty Mesentery on Multidetector Computed Tomography: Can Obesity Be the Triggering Cause?"
"Is grandmultiparity an independent risk factor for adverse perinatal outcomes?"
"Is the clinically positive axilla in breast cancer really a contraindication to sentinel lymph node biopsy?"
"Does the leukocyte count correlate with the severity of injury?"
"Does a preoperative medically supervised weight loss program improve bariatric surgery outcomes?"
"Do older patients who refuse to participate in a self-management intervention in the Netherlands differ from older patients who agree to participate?"
"\"Occult\" posttraumatic lesions of the knee: can magnetic resonance substitute for diagnostic arthroscopy?"
"Does the severity of obstructive sleep apnea predict patients requiring high continuous positive airway pressure?"
"Nasal polyposis: is there an inheritance pattern?"
"Inpatient versus outpatient management of neutropenic fever in gynecologic oncology patients: is risk stratification useful?"
"Is routine chest radiography after transbronchial biopsy necessary?"
"Are lower fasting plasma glucose levels at diagnosis of type 2 diabetes associated with improved outcomes?"
"PSA repeatedly fluctuating levels are reassuring enough to avoid biopsy?"
"Cold knife conization vs. LEEP. Are they the same procedure?"
"Is gastric cancer different in Korea and the United States?"
"Utility of unenhanced fat-suppressed T1-weighted MRI in children with sickle cell disease -- can it differentiate bone infarcts from acute osteomyelitis?"
"Spinal subdural hematoma: a sequela of a ruptured intracranial aneurysm?"
"Do French lay people and health professionals find it acceptable to breach confidentiality to protect a patient's wife from a sexually transmitted disease?"
"Is CA72-4 a useful biomarker in differential diagnosis between ovarian endometrioma and epithelial ovarian cancer?"
"Are wandering and physically nonaggressive agitation equivalent?"
"Does continuous intravenous infusion of low-concentration epinephrine impair uterine blood flow in pregnant ewes?"
"Type II supracondylar humerus fractures: can some be treated nonoperatively?"
"Xanthogranulomatous cholecystitis: a premalignant condition?"
"Patient-Controlled Therapy of Breathlessness in Palliative Care: A New Therapeutic Concept for Opioid Administration?"
"Are hepatitis G virus and TT virus involved in cryptogenic chronic liver disease?"
"Is there a first night effect on sleep bruxism?"
"Can patient coaching reduce racial/ethnic disparities in cancer pain control?"
"Diabetes mellitus among Swedish art glass workers--an effect of arsenic exposure?"
"Can dose reduction to one parotid gland prevent xerostomia?"
"Is crime associated with over-the-counter pharmacy syringe sales?"
"Does glomerular hyperfiltration in pregnancy damage the kidney in women with more parities?"
"30-Day and 1-year mortality in emergency general surgery laparotomies: an area of concern and need for improvement?"
"Treatment of vitamin D deficiency in CKD patients with ergocalciferol: are current K/DOQI treatment guidelines adequate?"
"Alcohol consumption and acute myocardial infarction: a benefit of alcohol consumed with meals?"
"Is low serum chloride level a risk factor for cardiovascular mortality?"
"Is oncoplastic surgery a contraindication for accelerated partial breast radiation using the interstitial multicatheter brachytherapy method?"
"Does the familial transmission of drinking patterns persist into young adulthood?"
